Astro 4/14 release notes (#601)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest Runtime Version**: 4.2.4 ([Release notes](runtime-release-notes.md))

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.3.4 ([Release notes](cli-release-notes.md))

## April 14, 2022

### Additional Improvements

> - The Data Plane now connects to various AWS services via [AWS PrivateLink](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/endpoint-services-overview.html), which improves security and reduces costs on your cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
- The Data Plane now connects to various AWS services via [AWS PrivateLink](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/endpoint-services-overview.html). This ensures that traffic to AWS services is kept private and does not traverse the NAT and Internet gateways, reducing the risk of exposing your resources to the internet. 
```
